README.md, before:

# Vite TS Starter Kit

This is a fully configured starter kit for building modern web applications with the following technologies:

- **Vite** for fast build and development setup
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **Tailwind CSS** for utility-first styling
- **Shadcn** for UI components
- **Axios** for API calls with `useApi` hooks and dynamic error handling
- **React Router Dom** for navigation and routing
- **React Query** for server state management and API fetching

## Features

- Fully integrated build and development setup using Vite
- Pre-configured Tailwind CSS for responsive, mobile-first design
- Shadcn UI components for building beautiful interfaces
- Axios with a custom `useApi` hook for seamless API calls
- Dynamic error handling with `handleError` function
- React Router for client-side routing and navigation
- React Query for efficient server state management and optimized API fetching

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Jszigeti/vite-ts-starter-kit.git
   cd starter-kit
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the development server

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Contributing

Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request to contribute improvements or features.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

:memo: Update README with upcoming features: Docker Compose, CI/CD pipeline, reusable store, and Jest testing

README.md, after:

# Vite TS Starter Kit

This is a fully configured starter kit for building modern web applications with the following technologies:

- **Vite** for fast build and development setup
- **TypeScript** for type safety
- **Tailwind CSS** for utility-first styling
- **Shadcn** for UI components
- **Axios** for API calls with `useApi` hooks and dynamic error handling
- **React Router Dom** for navigation and routing
- **React Query** for server state management and API fetching

## Features

- Fully integrated build and development setup using Vite
- Pre-configured Tailwind CSS for responsive, mobile-first design
- Shadcn UI components for building beautiful interfaces
- Axios with a custom `useApi` hook for seamless API calls
- Dynamic error handling with `handleError` function
- React Router for client-side routing and navigation
- React Query for efficient server state management and optimized API fetching

## Getting Started

1. Clone the repository

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/Jszigeti/vite-ts-starter-kit.git
   cd starter-kit
   ```

2. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the development server

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser.

## Features to Come

- **Reusable Store**: A shared state management solution that can be reused across components.
- **Docker File**: Docker setup for containerizing the application for easy deployment and scalability.
- **Docker Compose**: A configuration file for managing multi-container Docker applications to simplify deployment.
- **CI/CD Pipeline**: Setup for Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment to automate testing, building, and deployment processes.
- **Jest Testing**: Unit and integration tests using Jest to ensure application reliability and functionality.

## Contributing

Feel free to open an issue or submit a pull request to contribute improvements or features.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License
